README.md, before:

## EXPRESS
* change const to let if neccessary *

## JEST TEST EXPRESS
- npm run test:watch to start jest test.
- await & async.
- look at `https://jestjs.io/docs/en/expect` to find more function to expect.
- use 'send' when do the when need to put in some data, for example, POST and PUT.

## MIDDLEWARE
- put in the error message
- next and error

## START MONGO DB IN ITERM IN A NEW TAB
If you have installed mongodb through homebrew then you can simply start mongodb through
- brew services start mongodb

Then access the shell by
- mongo

-------- extra info ---------
You can shut down your db by
- brew services stop mongodb

You can restart your db by
- brew services restart mongodb

For more options
- brew info mongodb

-------- extra info ---------

## CREATE SCHEMA, MODELS TO STORE DATA IN MONGO DB
- const and require mongoose
- mongoose connect with my local mongod folder. check out this: http://mongoosejs.com/docs/index.html . Add those in my app.js. 
- change the directory which i wanna store my data, for example: `const mongodbURI = process.env.MONGODB_URI || "mongodb://localhost/artworks";` in app.js ONLY
- change the post in my artworks router in order to add data thru Insomnia.
- reload the data after POST the data in insomnia 1 by 1.

## MONGO DB TEST 
- now change the test cos no longer use the seedData.json. const Fake data to store inside the mongodb memory server. 
- in order to use mongodb memory server. i need to `npm install --save-dev mongodb-memory-server`.
- remove require seedData.js to make sure it is not reading it.
- start changing from test then adjust router to fix error 1 by 1.
- add in `{ useNewUrlParser: true }` and `localhost:27017` in the app.js.

- remember to put the req.body in the PUT (routers)
- remember to put in the status if you wanna test the status.
    http error
 - POST ==> 201
 - PUT ==> 204
 - DELETE ==> 204

 ## TO PUT SEED DATA INTO THE MONGO db
 - refer to the file: seederDataArtworks.js
 - npm install --save-dev mongoose-seed
 - change the
    - localhost detail
    - the model files
    - the export "XXX" in the model file
    - the copy in the data 
- can refer to the gitBook: `https://github.com/seanemmer/mongoose-seed`

## ERROR MIDDLEWARE
- copy the `./middleware/error_handlers.js into my project.`
- @ app.js, import `const { handle404, handle500 } = require('./middleware/error_handlers.js')` and add `app.use(handle404, handle500)` below.

## IS TIME FOR AUTHENTICATION
- npm install passport, passport-jwt, jsonwebtoken, mongoose-unique-validator
- create directory config/passport.js
- refer to the gitBook: `https://thoughtworks-jumpstart.gitbook.io/jumpstart/back-end-web-development/token-based-authentication` for step by step.
- put in the `passport.authenticate("jwt", { session: false })` as middleware for those field i want to protect. 
- for more information, search passport-jwt here: `http://www.passportjs.org/packages/`.
- @ app.js, 
   ----> app.use(
  "/secret",
  passport.authenticate("jwt", { session: false }),
  secretsRouter <----
    change the secretsRouter to my router.
- @ other routers,
---------------------- do this if i wanna protect the whole router ----------------------
const unprotectedRoutes = express.Router();
const protectedRoutes = express.Router();

// EXAMPLE

unprotectedRoutes.get('/', ......)

protectedRoutes.put('/', .......)
protectedRoutes.delete('/', .......)

....

module.exports = app => {
    app.use(express.json());
    app.use("/artwork", unprotectedRoutes);
    app.use("/artwork", passport.authenticate("jwt", { session: false }), protectedRoutes);
};
---------------------- do this if i wanna protect the whole router ----------------------
## OR ##
--- put this in the middleware of the individual router if i wanna protect the particular router ---

passport.authenticate("jwt", { session: false })

--- put this in the middleware of the individual router if i wanna protect the particular router ---


------------- info -------------
GET /artist
    /artwork
    /id

POST / only user/artist can post

PUT / only artist can put

DELETE / only artist can delete

artist === user , user === artist || user !== artist

------------- info -------------

## TEST THE AUTHENTICATION
- @ router.test.js, let adminBearerjwtToken
- then create the signUp and signIn, change the path ("/path/signup) accordingly
const signUp = async () => {
  let signUpResponse = await request(dummyApp)
    .post("/artworks/signup")
    .send({
      username: "admin",
      password: "12345678"
    });
};

const signIn = async () => {
  let signInResponse = await request(dummyApp)
    .post("/artworks/signin")
    .send({
      username: "admin",
      password: "12345678"
    });
  adminBearerjwtToken = "bearer " + signInResponse.body.token;
};
- after that, await signUp() and singIn() in the beforeAll.
- now the put `.set("Authorization", adminBearerjwtToken)` to the test which need the authorization.

## IF NEED TO ADD IN OTHER ROUTER

## SWAGGER - DOCUMATATION


## ????
2. if i wanna be able to find by artist and artwork. i should do it seperately? 

3. how to do it my user can be !== artist but the artist === user?

Commit message:

changed to index to signin

README.md, after:

## EXPRESS
* change const to let if neccessary *

## JEST TEST EXPRESS
- npm run test:watch to start jest test.
- await & async.
- look at `https://jestjs.io/docs/en/expect` to find more function to expect.
- use 'send' when do the when need to put in some data, for example, POST and PUT.

## MIDDLEWARE
- put in the error message
- next and error

## START MONGO DB IN ITERM IN A NEW TAB
If you have installed mongodb through homebrew then you can simply start mongodb through
- brew services start mongodb

Then access the shell by
- mongo

-------- extra info ---------
You can shut down your db by
- brew services stop mongodb

You can restart your db by
- brew services restart mongodb

For more options
- brew info mongodb

-------- extra info ---------

## CREATE SCHEMA, MODELS TO STORE DATA IN MONGO DB
- const and require mongoose
- mongoose connect with my local mongod folder. check out this: http://mongoosejs.com/docs/index.html . Add those in my app.js. 
- change the directory which i wanna store my data, for example: `const mongodbURI = process.env.MONGODB_URI || "mongodb://localhost/artworks";` in app.js ONLY
- change the post in my artworks router in order to add data thru Insomnia.
- reload the data after POST the data in insomnia 1 by 1.

## MONGO DB TEST 
- now change the test cos no longer use the seedData.json. const Fake data to store inside the mongodb memory server. 
- in order to use mongodb memory server. i need to `npm install --save-dev mongodb-memory-server`.
- remove require seedData.js to make sure it is not reading it.
- start changing from test then adjust router to fix error 1 by 1.
- add in `{ useNewUrlParser: true }` and `localhost:27017` in the app.js.

- remember to put the req.body in the PUT (routers)
- remember to put in the status if you wanna test the status.
    http error
 - POST ==> 201
 - PUT ==> 204
 - DELETE ==> 204

 ## TO PUT SEED DATA INTO THE MONGO db
 - refer to the file: seederDataArtworks.js
 - npm install --save-dev mongoose-seed
 - change the
    - localhost detail
    - the model files
    - the export "XXX" in the model file
    - the copy in the data 
- can refer to the gitBook: `https://github.com/seanemmer/mongoose-seed`

## ERROR MIDDLEWARE
- copy the `./middleware/error_handlers.js into my project.`
- @ app.js, import `const { handle404, handle500 } = require('./middleware/error_handlers.js')` and add `app.use(handle404, handle500)` below.

## IS TIME FOR AUTHENTICATION
- npm install passport, passport-jwt, jsonwebtoken, mongoose-unique-validator
- create directory config/passport.js
- refer to the gitBook: `https://thoughtworks-jumpstart.gitbook.io/jumpstart/back-end-web-development/token-based-authentication` for step by step.
- put in the `passport.authenticate("jwt", { session: false })` as middleware for those field i want to protect. 
- for more information, search passport-jwt here: `http://www.passportjs.org/packages/`.
- @ app.js, 
   ----> app.use(
  "/secret",
  passport.authenticate("jwt", { session: false }),
  secretsRouter <----
    change the secretsRouter to my router.
- @ other routers,
---------------------- do this if i wanna protect the whole router ----------------------
const unprotectedRoutes = express.Router();
const protectedRoutes = express.Router();

// EXAMPLE

unprotectedRoutes.get('/', ......)

protectedRoutes.put('/', .......)
protectedRoutes.delete('/', .......)

....

module.exports = app => {
    app.use(express.json());
    app.use("/artwork", unprotectedRoutes);
    app.use("/artwork", passport.authenticate("jwt", { session: false }), protectedRoutes);
};
---------------------- do this if i wanna protect the whole router ----------------------
## OR ##
--- put this in the middleware of the individual router if i wanna protect the particular router ---

passport.authenticate("jwt", { session: false })

--- put this in the middleware of the individual router if i wanna protect the particular router ---


------------- info -------------
GET /artist
    /artwork
    /id

POST / only user/artist can post

PUT / only artist can put

DELETE / only artist can delete

artist === user , user === artist || user !== artist

------------- info -------------

## TEST THE AUTHENTICATION
- @ router.test.js, let adminBearerjwtToken
- then create the signUp and signIn, change the path ("/path/signup) accordingly
const signUp = async () => {
  let signUpResponse = await request(dummyApp)
    .post("/artworks/signup")
    .send({
      username: "admin",
      password: "12345678"
    });
};

const signIn = async () => {
  let signInResponse = await request(dummyApp)
    .post("/artworks/signin")
    .send({
      username: "admin",
      password: "12345678"
    });
  adminBearerjwtToken = "bearer " + signInResponse.body.token;
};
- after that, await signUp() and singIn() in the beforeAll.
- now the put `.set("Authorization", adminBearerjwtToken)` to the test which need the authorization.

## TO CHANGE /ARTWORK TO / 
- copy and paste the signup and signin
- 

## IF NEED TO ADD IN OTHER ROUTER

## SWAGGER - DOCUMATATION
- npm install -g swagger


## ????
2. if i wanna be able to find by artist and artwork. i should do it seperately? 

3. how to do it my user can be !== artist but the artist === user?
